Would you rather get $250,000 or have a 50% chance to win $1,000,000?
Would you rather be in jail for a year or completely lose a year of your life?
Would you rather always be 15 minutes early or always 5 minutes late?
Would you rather be able to talk to animals or have an incredible memory
Would you rather be married to an attractive person with little personality or an ugly person with a great personality?
Would you rather have a green light every time you approach an intersection or never wait in line again?
Would you rather see 10 minutes into the future or 100 years in the past?
Would you rather be famous or rich?
Would you rather land on a new planet or cure a disease on earth?
Would you rather go back ten years or go ahead five years?
Would you rather have free coffee for life or half-priced alcohol?
Would you rather have unlimited free food or free flights?
Would you rather be an average person now or a king 2000 years ago (minimal technology)?
Would you rather move from city to city weekly or stay in the same city for your whole life?
Would you rather use only a fork for the rest of your life or only using a spoon?
Would you rather be in a large water balloon fight or a large food fight?
Would you rather be able to fly at a third of your walking speed or walk 2x faster?
Would you rather be the world’s most athletic person or the world’s most intelligent?
Would you rather be able to control the weather but not natural disasters or stop natural disasters with no control of the weather?
Would you rather be able to teleport or read minds?
Would you rather a decent self-driving car or a great car that you have to drive?
Would you rather never have to pay for gas for your car or never have to pay a speeding ticket?
Would you rather be lost in a forest or a sketchy neighbourhood?
Would you rather give up showering/bathing for a month or internet for a month?
Would you rather be a fast reader or a fast typer?
Would you rather only look good in selfies or only look good in group pictures?
Would you rather lose your best friend or all your friends except for your best friend?
Would you rather be the best at something relatively insignificant or be above average in something significant?
Would you rather have good grades or good parties?
Would you rather be able to know who steals from you or have less things stolen, but no idea who stole them?
Would you rather lose your 3 most expensive items or lose all your photographs throughout your life?
Would you rather live in constant dark for a week or constant light for a week?
Would you rather know when you’re going to die or would you rather not know, but extend it by three years?
Would you rather all the food you eat be under-seasoned or over-seasoned (you can not add more seasoning)?
Would you rather never use social media again or never watch a movie or TV show?
Would you rather be put in a maximum security prison for one year with hardened criminals or a relaxed prison for five years?
Would you rather have four pets or none?
Would you rather constantly be tired (no matter how much you sleep) or have music playing around you 24/7.
Would you rather be hired for a good job that you have no idea how to do or hired for a decent job that you’re prepared for?
Would you rather be respected or liked?
Would you rather have a bad government or no government?
Would you rather be poor and very helpful to others or be rich by indirectly harming many?
Would you rather humans keep exploring the moon or attempt to explore mars?
Would you rather know a bad truth or believe a comforting lie?
Would you rather be famous when alive and forgotten when dead or be unknown while alive and your fame and legacy come after death?
Would you rather get punished for something you never did or avoid punishment but always live in guilt?
Would you rather be able to always see one hundred years into the future or five minutes into the future?
Would you rather know all the mysteries of the world or immediately see the outcome of the decisions you make?
Would you rather work hard for $200,000 or do nothing for $175,000
Would you rather have all your clothes be too big or too small for you?
Would you rather watch the movie or read the book?
Would you rather for the rest of your life dress in only bright and neon colours or only black and white?
Would you rather frame a stranger for a crime you committed or have a stranger frame your friend for a crime the stranger committed?
Would you rather never feel tired again or never become obese (no matter what you eat)?
Would you rather have a great wedding or a great honeymoon?
Would you rather have your dad or your mom choose your future spouse?
Would you rather be a self-made millionaire or inherit five million dollars from someone else?
Would you rather know the truth about the pyramids or the truth about aliens?
Would you rather work 75 hour weeks but be rich or work 10 hours a week to make just enough to pay your bills?
Would you rather be famous on social media or fix three mistakes you’ve made in your life?
Would you rather live a second life as a ghost or a random animal (not of your choice)?
Would you rather be able to detect all lies or be able to get away with any lie?
Would you rather live through a major health crisis or through a major economic collapse?
Would you rather have a massive nose or massive ears?
Would you rather have to host every party you’re a part of or never party again?
Would you rather watch everything on the TV with subtitles and no sound or have a phone with a battery that lasts thirty minutes?
Would you rather die peacefully in ten years or die a tragic death in fifteen years?
Would you rather have an attractive partner who always has people hit on them or an average-looking partner who you can always trust?
If you had teenage parents would you rather be raised by them or put up for adoption?
Would you rather be extremely introverted or extremely extroverted?
Would you rather be a successful drug dealer or be an FBI agent who stops a drug trafficker (and make considerably less money)?
Would you rather be talented and unlucky or lucky and untalented?
Would you rather be overrated or underrated at what you do for a living?
Would you rather have parents who overprotect you or parents who neglect you?
Would you rather get a new talent or get rid of a bad habit?
